Create setup script for single command full dev setup (#358)
bit-bots/bitbots_main: bitbots_misc/bitbots_docs/docs/manual/tutorials/install_software_ros2.rst

In this tutorial, we will learn how to install ROS2 Iron Irwini on Ubuntu 22.04 and build our software stack.

**0. Use Ubuntu 22.04**

As ROS works best on Ubuntu, we are using this distribution.
Currently, ROS2 Iron runs on Ubuntu 22.04.
If you are not already using Ubuntu 22.04, consider installing it on your system (perhaps as a dual boot), alternately you can run it in a virtual machine (not recommended, as recently we had some issues with it; https://www.virtualbox.org/), a custom ROS2 docker setup (https://github.com/timonegk/rosdocked).

> Alternatively you can use a devcontainer :doc:`vscode-dev-container`, with a preconfigured environment and follow those instructions, as these docs do not apply to the devcontainer.

Author: I mean, I had a working setup for VM before on my old laptop, but I agree.
My idea was, that support for devcontainers is integrated into vscode and I'm against forcing usage of specific editors/IDEs. But I agree that it's the most sensible, so I'll put `rosdocked` into a Notes section.

> Alternatively you can use a devcontainer :doc:`vscode-dev-container`, with a preconfigured environment and follow those instructions, as these docs do not apply to the devcontainer.

Reviewer: If you don't want to use VS Code: https://github.com/devcontainers/cli

> **TLDR**: single command setup

Author: Done.

In this tutorial, we will learn how to install ROS2 Iron Irwini on Ubuntu 22.04 and build our software stack.

**0. Use Ubuntu 22.04**

As ROS works best on Ubuntu, we are using this distribution.
Currently, ROS2 Iron runs on Ubuntu 22.04.
If you are not already using Ubuntu 22.04, consider installing it on your system (perhaps as a dual boot), alternately you can run it in a virtual machine (not recommended, as recently we had some issues with it; https://www.virtualbox.org/) or use the ROS2 docker (https://github.com/timonegk/rosdocked)

**TLDR**: single command setup
------------------------------

**Prerequirements**
- running Ubuntu 22.04 environment
- existing Github account and with SSH key added to your account

> If you have not previously setup any of our software stack, you can use the following command to install and setup everything in one go:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have not previously set up any of our software stack, you can use the following command to install and set up everything in one go:
```

.. code-block:: bash

  sudo apt install \
    clang-format \
    cppcheck \
    python3-colcon-clean \
    python3-colcon-common-extensions \
    python3-pip \
    python3-rosdep \
    python3-vcstool \
    ros-iron-plotjuggler-ros \
    ros-iron-rmw-cyclonedds-cpp \
    ros-iron-rqt-robot-monitor \
    ros-iron-rqt-runtime-monitor

- To aditionally get nice colored output from colcon, you can install the following pip packages:

.. code-block:: bash
  python3 -m pip install \
    git+https://github.com/ruffsl/colcon-clean \
    git+https://github.com/timonegk/colcon-core.git@colors \
    git+https://github.com/timonegk/colcon-notification.git@colors \
    git+https://github.com/timonegk/colcon-output.git@colors \

**2. Install Webots**

Webots is a robot simulator, which we use to simulate our robots and test our software.
It is not strictly necessary to install it, but it is very useful for development and testing.
If you want to install it, you can do so by running ``make webots`` in the bitbots_main repository.

**3. Download our software**

> 

Author: I've remove the sentence and added an `<a>` tag if that's what you meant.
I guess direct rst section linking is not possible, as it is the private docs.

.. code-block:: bash

  sudo apt install \
    clang-format \
    cppcheck \
    python3-colcon-clean \
    python3-colcon-common-extensions \
    python3-pip \
    python3-rosdep \
    python3-vcstool \
    ros-iron-plotjuggler-ros \
    ros-iron-rmw-cyclonedds-cpp \
    ros-iron-rqt-robot-monitor \
    ros-iron-rqt-runtime-monitor

- To aditionally get nice colored output from colcon, you can install the following pip packages:

.. code-block:: bash
  python3 -m pip install \

>     git+https://github.com/ruffsl/colcon-clean \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is the same as `python3-colcon-clean`.

.. code-block:: bash

  cat >> ~/.bashrc << EOF

  # Ignore some deprecation warnings
  export PYTHONWARNINGS=ignore:::setuptools.command.install,ignore:::setuptools.command.easy_install,ignore:::pkg_resources

  # Limit ROS 2 communication to localhost (can be overridden when needed)
  export ROS_DOMAIN_ID=24
  export ROS_AUTOMATIC_DISCOVERY_RANGE=LOCALHOST

  # Set the default colcon workspace
  export COLCON_WS="\$HOME/colcon_ws"

  # Set the default log level for colcon
  export COLCON_LOG_LEVEL=30

  # Define a log layout
  export RCUTILS_COLORIZED_OUTPUT=1
  export RCUTILS_CONSOLE_OUTPUT_FORMAT="[{severity}] [{name}]: {message}"

  # Set the default Middleware
  export RMW_IMPLEMENTATION=rmw_cyclonedds_cpp

  # Load our ros plugin script containing useful functions and aliases for ROS 2 development
  if [[ -f \$COLCON_WS/src/bitbots_main/scripts/ros.plugin.sh ]]; then
    source \$COLCON_WS/src/bitbots_main/scripts/ros.plugin.sh
  fi

>   # <<< bit-bots initialize <<<

Author: Actually rather
```
# >>> bit-bots initialize >>>
```
was missing to ensure, that the setup script will still work idempotently.
